
#1 Portfolio Page:

Capabilities

BRANDING: Brand identity, re-branding, brand architecture, company & product naming, logos, 
asset creation, logos, taglines, brand asset creation, voice & messaging, brand standards

DESIGN: logos, Brochures & collateral, business cards, apparel

SOCIAL MEDIA: Ads, YouTube & social media brand design

ADVERTISING: Design for digital (banners, social media, email, mobile), broadcast (television, cable) and
print (magazine, newspaper, direct mail, billboards, transportation)





Rebranding Streetwise:

The challenge

Street Wise was experiencing a revenue shortfall in a saturated youth market. 
They needed a brand that fosters connections, customer loyalty and social status.


The solution

Re-brand the company to “$treetwise”. Create a new logo and shift the target audience 
from 11 to 16 year olds towards 16 to 35 year olds. Also, create a 
premium brand feel with more reﬁned and stylish 
offerings suited to adult tastes. 






Streetwise refers to possessing the skills and attitude necessary to survive in a difficult or 
dangerous situation or environment. Skating is inherently dangerous. "No Risk No Reward" is the 
perfect tagline. I also wanted to incorporate the risk and reward concept into the logo.  

This is done using bright red with sharp corners. The dollar symbol commonly known as a symbol for money. 
This should resonate with young adults who should be very familiar with reward at this age. 




If your branding fails on social media, your business may not recover. Here are some examples of ads on Instagram. 



Reaching your fans where they live is vital. Get your social media game on!  



Yes, we can create ads for you featuring the products and services that make life great for your fans. 



Yes, we can create ads and designs for your merchandise.


Yes, we can create thumbnails and templates for YouTube and social media channels.


Yes, we can create print flyers for your events and promotions.


Yes, we can create the perfect business cards that speak to your loyal fans and prospective fans too.


Yes, we can create the right branding for your company. Contact us today to see how we can help you.







#2 Logo Redesign Oracle

The challenge

Oracle founded in 1977 has experienced vast growth and innovation in the software market. 
The logo has fallen behind the times and no longer captures the 
essence of the forward thinking tech giant.


The solution

The new logo is inspired by the original "O" Oracle logo. The redesign takes on a new shape and 
orientation as the company has grown significantly since 1977. The company is more  dynamic and unique, 
which necessitates a design that signifies that. This "O" logo is turned 90 degrees and stretches towards 
the horizon line and into the future. 

The logo visually occupies present and future a reference to the prophetic powers of the Oracle of Delphi. 
In the new font the letters "O" and "C" repeat that turn 
reinforcing a forward looking orientation befitting a 
forward looking innovation provider.







#3 Logo Redesign Chuy's

The challenge

Chuy's is a tasty destination for many hungry food lovers, however this 1982 logo has room for 
improvement. It doesn’t reflect the fun and flavor 
of the food or the attitude of the staff.


The solution

The vision was fun and funky Tex-Mex with solid 
service and food always authentic and fresh. Each restaurant is decorated with an inspired eclectic 
passion. They don't take anything seriously, 
except their food. 

To match this vibe the logo needs vibrant color, 
a touch of whimsy and less formal font choices. 
This logo incorporates the redfish mascot and 
celebrates all that is good about Chuy's. 





#4 Logo Redesign Brewers Guild


The challenge

The logo for Texas Craft Brewers Guild was a bit dark and generic. 
It did not capture the spirit of Texas and the choice of fonts and 
font size was odd and did not illustrate the importance of the brand. 


The solution

Redesign the logo to be brighter, welcoming, easy to read and firmly Texan. 
The inspiration is rooted in the classic Texan belt buckle, with filigree, 
va large star and the great state in the center of it all.





#5 About Page

“We speak design so you don’t have to. 
Let us translate your passion to your 
audience. We can do this!”

Ben Estaville
Co-founder and Lead Designer of Forestville Designs


“You deserve good design and so do 
all your fans. Let’s work together and 
make it happen!”

Teri Forest
Co-founder and Operations Manager of Forestville Designs






#6 Contact Page

YOUR NEW FANS ARE LOOKING FOR YOU RIGHT NOW. DON’T WAIT!

Ready to take the next step? Send us a message and we can start working for you.


Full Name*
————————————————————————————-

Email*
————————————————————————————-

Company Name
————————————————————————————-

Your Website URL
————————————————————————————-

Phone Number
————————————————————————————-

How Can We Help You?
————————————————————————————-

